Every year, as Tet (Vietnamese Lunar New Year) approaches, a
beautiful aspect of Vietnamese cultural and spiritual life,
people from all corners of the country
flock to temples to pray for
good fortune and blessings for themselves and their
families in the new year. It's not just a
simple wish, but also a
moment for people to immerse themselves in
spirituality, leaving behind the hardships of daily life, in keeping
with the tradition of protecting the nation and ensuring peace for the people, a core value
of Vietnamese Buddhism. Every year in
January, Ba Vang Temple
holds a Buddhist ceremony to open the Medicine Buddha Dharma Assembly,
praying for the elimination of calamities, longevity, national prosperity, and peace for
the people. Buddhists, the people, and visitors from all over come to the temple in the early days of the new year to offer their good wishes and send blessings to humanity through the teachings of the Buddha.
[Music]
[Applause]
Greetings to all esteemed
Buddhists and all friends. Thus, the
Medicine Buddha Dharma Assembly for the elimination of calamities, longevity,
national prosperity, and peace has officially opened
on the 8th day of the first lunar month.  The Year of the Pig (Kỷ Hợi
) will continue until the end of
January during the
Medicine Buddha ceremony. Following the instructions of the
Venerable Master and the Great Sangha of Ba Vang Pagoda, and under the
guidance of Ms. Pham Thi Yen, head of the
Quoc Vang Club practicing the Six Harmonies,
Buddhist followers from the club's various congregations
will take turns coming to the pagoda to practice the
Eight Precepts, recite the Sutra of Blessings,
and practice the Buddha's teachings to pray for
peace and blessings for themselves and their
families, as well as to dedicate the merits to the people who
come to the pagoda to visit and worship at the beginning of the
new year. During
these days, Buddhist followers will practice the Eight Precepts for
one day and one night through the
transmission of the precepts by the monks to increase
their merit and blessings, as well as
benefit everyone in the present and
future. In addition, following the instructions of the Venerable Master and the
Great Sangha, the congregations will recite the
Medicine Buddha Sutra to praise the merits
of the Medicine Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light Tathagata,
and to understand more deeply the vast vows
of the master of medicine, the all-knowing physician of both
worldly and transcendental medicine.  To eliminate
the suffering and illness of
sentient beings, the meaning of death and rebirth is as
taught in the scriptures, and Buddhists rely on this to
practice the Dharma, doing things to
cultivate a virtuous heart, practicing compassion and
loving-kindness. Alongside this practice, under
the guidance of Ms. Pham
Thi Yen, the Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club assisted in the successful completion of the
Medicine Buddha ceremony. From
guiding people and tourists in writing
prayers for peace to the Buddha, to
arranging the offerings and providing blessings,
and caring for everyone's health, although the
workload was considerable, with the
spirit of serving sentient beings as an offering to the
Buddhas, the Buddhists were extremely joyful
to be able to dedicate their efforts to
benefit
everyone. I am Pham Thi Nga, Dharma name Hanh Toan To,
Minh Phuc Buddhist Center, practicing at
Ba Vang Pagoda, Hai Phong City, Quang Ninh Province.
In the Medicine Buddha ceremony, we
observed the Eight Precepts for one day and
one night in purity, chanted scriptures, and from there
practiced the Buddha's teachings.
We
understand that peace comes to us and
our families because of the good karma
we have sown through good thoughts,
good words, and
good actions, not from mere
prayers or supplications. Therefore, being able to practice
at the temple under the guidance of the Great Monks of
Ba Vang Temple and our master is a
great happiness for us. Amitabha Buddha!
I am Dao Minh Hang,
Dharma name Dieu Nguyen, currently practicing at the Tu
Tam Dharma Center. I saw that at the beginning of the year,
Ba Vang Temple organized the Medicine Buddha ceremony to dispel calamities, grant longevity, and ensure peace. This
helped me transform
my karmic forces, and the
afflictions in my mind and
illnesses in my body have all decreased,
sometimes even disappearing completely. We have
practiced the Buddha's teachings and known how to do
good deeds, cultivate virtue, accumulate merit, and
practice to transform our karmic forces
and avoid misfortunes and calamities. I have
seen many families with
sick relatives, either physically
or through illnesses related to
karma.  The practice of the
Buddha's teachings in the Sutra of the Medicine Buddha has been
achieved, so I find the Medicine Buddha Ceremony to be
very practical and
beneficial. The Medicine Buddha Ceremony, praying for the averting of calamities, longevity,
national peace, and prosperity, is not only an opportunity for
Buddhists to practice, observe the precepts, and
practice the
Buddha's teachings, but also a good opportunity
for people and visitors from all directions to come
to the temple to worship the Buddha on the first day of the year, to forge a
good connection with the Three Jewels,
to cultivate good intentions for
themselves and sentient beings in the future.
This also stems from the generous heart
of the master and the great monks at Ba
Vang Temple, bringing the Buddha's teachings to connect
all people of all social classes.
May everyone be imbued with the Buddha
's teachings, diligently
practice the Buddha's teachings, and protect the Three Jewels to receive
many benefits in the present and
future. Respectfully, to all esteemed Buddhists and
friends, the Medicine Buddha Ceremony, praying for the averting of calamities, longevity, national peace, and
prosperity, will take place
throughout the first month of the Year of the Pig 2019.  The
practice of
visiting temples and praying to Buddha involves participating in
meditation sessions, observing precepts, chanting sutras, and performing rituals
to accumulate blessings
for oneself and one's family. On the occasion of the Lunar
New Year, for more details,
please contact the website fam.com, the fanpage of the
Quoc Vang Club practicing the Six Harmonies, the fanpage of
Pham Thi Yen Tam Chieu Hoan Quan, and the
YouTube channel Pham Thi Yen Tam Chieu Hoan Quan.
We respectfully greet all Buddhist
followers and friends. See you again
in the next news updates. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni [music
]
ho
[music]